Created sec_adcs_certificates.rst (#583)
Graylog2/documentation: pages/secure/sec_adcs_certificates.rst

Defining the new template is done through the ADCS management tool "*Certification Authority*". 

1. Duplicate the default ADCS WebServer template, rename it to your liking.
2. General tab:
  a. Set the name to something recognizable, for example "Graylog Stack Template".
  b. The software will automatically generate the internal name, which removes all spaces: "GraylogStackTemplate".
3. Cryptography tab:
  a. **Provider** is the *Key Storage Provider*
  b. **Requests can use any provider available on the subject's computer** is true
  c. **Algorithm** is *RSA 2048*
  d. **Request hash** is *SHA256*
  e. **Use alternate signature hash** must be set to false.
4. Extensions tab:
  a. **Application policies** is set to both *server auth* as well as *client auth*.

If you are going to be generating all the keypairs on your issuing CA or on another management station, then you will need to add the following as well, which will allow you to export the keypair for migration to the Graylog stack servers.

5. Request handling tab:
  a. Allow the private key to be exported is set to Yes.

Generating the keypair and certificates - preparation
===============

> The following instructions assume that you generate all the keypairs on a Windows administrative workstation, or on the issuing CA itself (meaning, you'll need that extra "*Allow the private key to be exported*" flag). You can of course generate all keys on the Graylog stack servers and then simply submit the CSR (certificate signing request) to the CA.

Reviewer: Change "You can of course generate..." to "You can, of course, generate..."

Author: ```suggestion
The following instructions assume that you generate all the keypairs on a Windows administrative workstation, or on the issuing CA itself (meaning, you'll need that extra "*Allow the private key to be exported*" flag). You can, of course, generate all keys on the Graylog stack servers and then simply submit the CSR (certificate signing request) to the CA.
```

The .INF input file for the *certreq* command would look similar to the following. Note that we are referring to the template by the internal name, which does not have whitespace!::

      [Version]
      signature="$Windows NT$"
      [NewRequest]
      Subject="CN=hostname5.mydomain.local"
      HashAlgorithms=SHA256
      Keyalgorithm=RSA
      KeyLength=2048
      Exportable=True
      MachineKeySet=True
      [RequestAttributes]
      CertificateTemplate="GraylogStackTemplate"
      [Extensions]
      2.5.29.17="{text}"
      _continue=_"dns=hostname5&" 
      _continue=_"dns=hostname5.mydomain.local&" 
      _continue=_"dns=graylogreceiveralias.mydomain.local&" 
      _continue=_"dns=graylogreceiveralias&" 
      _continue=_"ipaddress=192.168.100.105&" 

If you're one of the edge-cases where you will be using an older *Internet Explorer* to talk to the IP address of the host, as opposed to the hostname or its alias, you will need to add::

      _continue=_"dns=192.168.100.105&" 

For some reason IExplore ignores the *ipaddress* field of the SAN (subject alternative name).

> The above is only one of the needed .INF files; you will need one for each keypair being generated! So adjust all relevant fields and save each .INF file separately.

Reviewer: Please bold and italicize the sentence "you will need one for each keypair being generated!"

Author: ```suggestion
The above is only one of the needed .INF files; **you will need one for each key pair being generated**! So adjust all relevant fields and save each .INF file separately.
```

Generating the keypair and certificates - execution
===============

> As said, we're assuming that you're generating the keypairs on your Windows administration station. If you're generating the keypairs on the Graylog Linux hosts, then you will need to use different instructions. 

Reviewer: This sentence is unclear. If you need to use different instructions, where can those instructions be found?

Author: ```suggestion
As said, we're assuming that you're generating the keypairs on your Windows administration station. If you're generating the key pairs on the Graylog Linux hosts, then you will need to use OpenSSL instructions (`For example <https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/openssl-essentials-working-with-ssl-certificates-private-keys-and-csrs>`_). 
```

**WARNING**

Key materials are very sensitive information! You should not leave them lying around! Once you have finished the setup of all keys and certificates on the Graylog stack, you must delete all the files we've put into D:\secrets\graylog. Never leave key materials lying around!

Also, please use strong passwords on all PFX and PKCS files! Store these passwords safely, in a password vaulting application.

**CA Chain**

Each application requires that you provide the CA chain of your PKI, for inclusion in its trust store. The following assumes that you have one root CA and one issuing CA and that you've put their respective certificates in D:\secrets\graylog::

      openssl x509 -in rootca.crt -outform pem -out D:\secrets\graylog\rootca.pem
      openssl x509 -in ca.crt -outform pem -out D:\secrets\graylog\ca.pem
      type D:\secrets\graylog\rootca.pem > D:\secrets\graylog\cachain.pem
      type D:\secrets\graylog\rootca.pem >> D:\secrets\graylog\cachain.pem

> The resulting cachain.pem file can be used in all Graylog stack applications for inclusion in the trust store. You will probably need to run the file through **dos2unix** first though, to fix line endings.

Reviewer: Might want to expand this. If you will probably need to do it, the guide should cover how.

Author: ```suggestion
The resulting cachain.pem file can be used in all Graylog stack applications for inclusion in the trust store. After uploading the file to Linux, you will need to run the file through **dos2unix** first, to fix line endings.
```
